c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\Factored.exe.config
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\Cheepicus_12x12.png
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\IBM8x16.png
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\Yayo_c64.png
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\C64.font
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\Cheepicus12.font
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\IBM.font
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\Factored.exe
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\Factored.pdb
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SadConsole.Core.Windows.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\SadConsole.Core.Windows.xml
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\obj\Debug\Factored.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\obj\Debug\Factored.exe
c:\users\janne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\obj\Debug\Factored.pdb
C:\Users\Janne\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\RogueSharp.dll
C:\Users\Janne\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Factored\Factored\bin\Debug\RogueSharp.xml
